come on honey let's go and daddy saw it
in a hurry can really make pancakes
honey I don't know if I have the right
stuff for that possible because I
checked this milk for Evan Danielson
life was all worth you said you'd give
Jackson daddy has a lot of work to do
and no play
hey remember we talked about the day was
gonna come you couldn't take the glandt
get to school with you anymore
that day's gonna be today but he's about
to get some he'll wear my notes for the
11 o'clock I think they're in there oh
my god from the last person he ever
imagined did you draw my worksheet
pictures of people kissing or something
princess says those companies are gonna
get married how did you know about this
impending marriage just where are you
getting this information can I get this
right the princess is tell you things
about company yeah you know what I got a
couple other companies I want to ask him
about paramount pictures a song she
please let me pay and have an aneurysm
[Applause]
really yeah I'm with her at Nickelodeon
movies the entire community
I want you to find out where he's
getting his information he just hangs
out with his daughter after dance -
they've danced and they laugh hey hey
what's going on man playing the blank
tell Olivia Daniels and that dad's out
here and need stick like it let me give
you $20 I'll take 50 mom love them I
have a coffee card no drink coffee you
like scones skulls what I would like the
Queen England believe that that blanket
has something to do with everything
that's been going on you have two jobs
and one of those jobs is being a father
and she needs to know that your cares
much about that job as you do the other
command earlier that the magic you've
been looking for is right before your
eyes what do you wanna do
[Music]
Eddie mercy who wants pancakes we have
any condiments
please protect my daddy's though you've
never done nothing to nobody
imagine that can I please see the bill
$400,000
[Music]